docs: update time spent session id gateway event (#401)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/topics/gateway-events.mdx

| [Request Channel Statuses](#request-channel-statuses)         | Request voice channel statuses for a guild                        |
| [Request Channel Member Count](#request-channel-member-count) | Request the number of members that can view a channel             |
| [QoS Heartbeat](#qos-heartbeat)                               | Send a QOS (Quality of Service) heartbeat                         |

> | [Update Time Spent Session ID](#update-time-spent-session-id) | Send the time spent in the current session                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Update Time Spent Session ID](#update-time-spent-session-id) | Track the time spent in the current session                        |
```

}
```

#### Update Time Spent Session ID

> Sent every 30 minutes (when focused) and on connect to track the time the user has spent in the current session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sent every 30 minutes (if the client is focused) and on connect to track the time the user has spent in the current session.
```
